68 please	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, please
change it to 65 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
cool down the room	Thermostat	1.0	change, room
i'm cold	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Increase the temperature to 65 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
make it warmer	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
set room to 67 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, room, degree
Turn it up	Thermostat	1.0	change
Turn temperature up to 70	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
up by 5	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change
go down 3 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
Turn down the temperature by 7 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
please set to 50	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, please
Turn the temperature	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
it's chilly	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
i'd like it to be about 72 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
go up a little	Thermostat	1.0	change
it's hot	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
80	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER
it's wicked hot in here	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, room
4 degrees colder	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, degree
it's really hot	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
go up a degree	Thermostat	1.0	change, degree
down by 1 degree	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
make the room warmer by 2 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, room, NUMBER, change, degree
Turn temperature down to 67	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
Turn it up a bit	Thermostat	1.0	change
change the thermostat to 76	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
make the room 4 degrees cooler	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, room, NUMBER, change, degree
it's freezing	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
heat up	Thermostat	0.9	change
set thermostat to 67 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
set thermostat to 67	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn it down	Thermostat	1.0	change
make it colder in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
up by 1 degree	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
make it colder	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
make it 10 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
make it 10	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
it's really hot here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
increase the temperature by 2 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Make it 6 degrees warmer	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
make it hotter	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn it way up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn up the thermostat	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn up by 1 degree	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
the temperature of 90	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature
decrease the temperature	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
set at 68	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn it down a bit	Thermostat	1.0	change
Turn it up more	Thermostat	0.9	change
make it 5 degrees cooler	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
set it to 70	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn heat to 55	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
could you please just make it less hot	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
3 degrees cooler	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, degree
Turn temperature up to 75	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
Turn up the thermostat by 4 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Turn down the temperature by 7	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
I'm so cold	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Make it 4 degrees warmer	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
set it to 55 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
Turn it down a little	Thermostat	0.9	change
set temperature to 72	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
decrease temperature by 6	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
decrease the temperature by 2 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
set room to 67	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, room
make the room hotter	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change, room
decrease the temperature by 1 degree	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
it's cold in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
make it 1 degree warmer	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
I'm really warm	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
it's way too hot in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, room
set to 56	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
67 degrees	NO_INTENT	1.0	TEMPERATURE
Turn the temperature down by 3	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
increase the temperature	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
my fingers are freezing	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
it's too damn hot	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
Turn down the thermostat by 4 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
make a 72	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
set to 65 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
Turn it up a little	Thermostat	0.9	change
Set the temperature to 80 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
so hot in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, room
please make it 10 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
it's too cold	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
it's too warm in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
make it cooler	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
increase the temperature please	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
I'm warm	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Turn to 56 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
make it really hot	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
go down	NO_INTENT	1.0	change
It's cold in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
make it 2 degrees colder	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
it's a little warm in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
make it 2 degrees warmer	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
make it 3 degrees hotter	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Turn it down please	Thermostat	0.9	change
set a 105 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
86	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER
Turn it to 73	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Set temperature to 68 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Turn it up by 5 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
i'm hot	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Turn the temperature down to 68	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Turn the temperature down by 3 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
4 degrees warmer	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, degree
Turn the heat down	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
set it to 80	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn on the heat	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
i'd like it to be about 75	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change
Turn it down by 3 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
make it 2 degrees cooler	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
set to 72	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
it's chilly in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
set temperature to 75 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
now 75	NO_MATCH	1.0	NUMBER
please make it 10	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn it down by 4 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
temperature up to 65 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
set temperature	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
make the room warmer	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change, room
change the temperature to 76	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
it's too hot in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, room
go down by 2 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
make it 3 degrees colder	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
it's too hot	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
set it to 72	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
Turn it up by 15 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
take it warmer in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
go down by 4	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change
go up up by 2 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
it's hot in here	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, room
make it 62	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change
2 degrees cooler	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, degree
Go up 4 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
Turn heat to 55 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
Turn the thermostat to 80	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
down by 3 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
down by 2 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change, degree
3 degrees warmer	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, degree
Increase the temperature by 4 degrees	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
make it really warm	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
get warmer	Thermostat	0.9	temperature
Increase the temperature	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn it up 2 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, change, degree
make it 1 degree colder	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
the temperature 55 degrees	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, degree
I'm freezing	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Turn down the thermostat	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
don't get so excited	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
the screen is too dark	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Turn up the language formality	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
volume louder	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
Turn the sound up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
keep it simple, please	Thermostat	0.9	change
brightness lower	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
be less formal	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
make it brighter	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
I still can't hear you clearly	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
be more formal	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
say it louder	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
can you show more emotion?	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn the volume down	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
switch to formal mode	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Can you be warmer with me?	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Enable formal mode	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
don't be so emotional	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Talk calm	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
your voice is too low	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
brighten the screen	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
lower brightness	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
dim the screen a bit	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
volume down	Thermostat	1.0	change
I don't think we have such an intimate relationship	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
show some respect	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
can you be more enthusiastic?	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
whisper please	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
stop talking like a snob	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn it up	Thermostat	1.0	change
tone down the snobby language	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn up the sound	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
make the screen lighter	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Use simple language	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
you're so pretentious	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Talk more casual	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
can you be louder	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
don't be such a snob	Thermostat	1.0	change
Enable informal mode	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
lower your voice	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Respect me	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
say that with some feeling	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
you're not loud enough	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
raise your voice	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
speech formality down	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
you sound pretentious	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
brightness down	Thermostat	1.0	change
Turn the speech sentiment value down	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn the volume up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
can you try to sound human?	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
can you be more bright	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
don't be so formal	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn the informal speech on	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
it's too bright	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
it's too dark	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
you can be less formal	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
sound down	Thermostat	1.0	change
be more relaxed	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
make it louder	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Talk less reserved	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Talk formally	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
you are not bright enough	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Be more respectful	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
We can talk in a more intimate way, can't we	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
can you talk a bit louder	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
could you be more sentimental	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
the volume is too low	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Can you pay homage to me	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
down the language formality	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
stop being so vulgar	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
what are you holding back?	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Turn on the informal speech	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
speak louder	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
speak like a normal person	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
you sound so boring	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
We aren't in formal relations	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
speak like a real person	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
your tone is too flat	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
brightness up	Thermostat	0.9	change
it's not light enough	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
stop being so boring	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
louder	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
talk like a computer	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
You're too nonchalant	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
be louder	Thermostat	1.0	change
you sound stuck up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
speak more formally	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
increase brightness	Thermostat	0.9	change
We can talk less formally, can't we?	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
can you speak more professionally?	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
You're so puffed up!	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
I can't hear you	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Reserved mode on	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
I don't think we're that close	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
speak loudly	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
stop being so formal	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Turn the formality down	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn the friendly assistance on	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
where are your manners?	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
quieter please	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
no need for formalities	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
informal is fine	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
it's too dim	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
Turn down the brightness	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn the brightness up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
calm your voice	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
speak informally	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
lower volume	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
shhh	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
How unemotional you are	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
You're overemotional	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
try to use more emotion in your speech	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
volume higher	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
Can you talk less dispassionately	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
relax	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
quiet down	Thermostat	1.0	change
i wish to Turn the volume up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
speak up	Thermostat	0.9	change
calm down	Thermostat	1.0	change
speak calmly	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
volume lower	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
it's too light	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
you are too sentimental	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
volume up	Thermostat	0.9	change
I can't hear what you're saying	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
speech formality up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Turn on the casual speech	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
cut the brightness	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
too loud	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
use a computer voice	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Talk in accordance with etiquette	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
that's too loud	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
mind your manners	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
you sound so snotty	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
decrease brightness	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
You so impudent!	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
be more friendly	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn it down a bit	Thermostat	1.0	change
softer please	Thermostat	1.0	temperature
shift to the formal language	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Can you behave not so snobbish	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
too dim	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
sound up	Thermostat	0.9	change
Turn the formality up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
brighter	NO_MATCH	1.0	change
Turn down the volume	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
tone down the formality	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
make it less bright	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
make your voice quieter	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
less bright, please	Thermostat	0.9	change
Be informal	Thermostat	1.0	change
you sound so snobby	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Turn volume down	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
mind your language	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Can you treat me as a friend?	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, change
you are too loud	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
speak more professionally	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
We can talk in a casual way	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
minimize brightness	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
be brighter	Thermostat	1.0	change
Shift to dry language	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
more light	Thermostat	1.0	change
talk louder	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
How impolite you are!	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
don't be so official	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
I still can't hear you distinctly	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
reduce brightness	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
You can talk in an unreserved manner	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
be less emotional	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
lighten the screen	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
address me formally	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Can we talk in a more reserved manner	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
make it dimmer	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
speak simply	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
don't get so worked up	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
use the detailed answering	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
you're too quiet	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
stop sounding so emotional	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
toggle to the simple language	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Turn up the volume	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Talk more emotional	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Turn yourself up	Thermostat	0.9	change
speak normally	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature
How arrogant you are!	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
When pilot light goes out, check the temperature.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
If you leave your device in the cold ftp too long, its battery will die	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
And Honeywell has reintroduced its original 1952 wall thermostat, the classic bubble shape, but with designer colors for today's home.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
When adjusting my hot water heater, what temperature should I set it to?	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
By default, Outlook displays temperatures using the Fahrenheit scale.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Trying to get a good night's rest in a bed that is too hot or too cold can be extremely difficult.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Of the 64 students in this study, 66% had bachelor's degrees in a science (i.e., biology, chemistry, etc.), and 68% had taken the MCAT at least once prior to entering MEDPREP; 58% had received non-competitive Verbal Reasoning (VR) scores.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Figures relating to Malta's international trade show that in 2015 imports went down by 386 million euro	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Our property taxes also went down by just a bit.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
The Gathering is a Turn-based game, where game flow is partitioned into well-defined parts.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
A man who had grudgingly turned his thermostat up to sixty-three when she came to spend the night.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
If you are a woman who always feels cold in the office, you aren't alone.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
At about 600 degrees Celsius, the biomass decomposes to these optionary compounds, which then enter into our catalyst, which is a zeolite-type catalyst.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
A warm front is defined as the transition zone where a warm air mass is replacing a cold air mass.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Simply find the buttons that control the water's temperature and turn it to 102 degrees.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
To easily fine tune your adjustments, simply click or tap the up and down arrows below the current target temperature.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Minus 1 high temperature in Chicago.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Turn it a few times and then cook it on a really low temperature.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
The Red Ranger takes on a pair of enemies in these photos from the film's set.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
When the engine reaches a high enough temperature, the thermostat opens so cold water can enter and cool the motor.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
We've sold 200 tons of hot chocolate and 50 tons of coffee.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
It's too cold in New York City for the annual Central Park Ice Festival.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
If the temperature is too low, doughnuts will absorb more oil and taste soggy and oily.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
You turn it on when you need hot water, set the temperature and turn on the water.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Pasteurization involves cooking milk at a high temperature to kill listeria,	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
A video surfaced online yesterday showing Katt Williams getting beat up by a 7th grade kid after throwing the first punch.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
It was a peaceful Indian summer day with the temperature in the low seventies.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
In St. Louis County, temperatures are 1 to 1.5 degrees hotter than the average from 1901 to 1960.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
For the last two weeks the thermostat had been broken so that it kept the radiators working all day.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
At Warm Winters, we believe that every homeless person deserves access to warm clothing.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
A dryer that's too hot may seem like a daunting repair, but fixing your own appliance is actually pretty easy.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
He feels so impinged upon by the degree and the velocity of my art.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
You don't need to turn your thermostat up when it is colder outside; the house will heat up to the set temperature regardless	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
You can't be fired for being a woman — but you can be fired for being too hot.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
But, as noted previously, it also involves a degree of control.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
How high is my temperature, Doctor?	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
Westerners are surprised when Russians tell them that they wanted to continue the Cold War at any price.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Too low a temperature may mean the pile is too low in nitrogen -- usually not a problem since grass clippings are nitrogen-rich.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
The company also announced a software update for its Nest Learning Thermostat that adds at least one new feature: notifications when temperatures in the home drop low enough to freeze pipes	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
It is warm air.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
This year's hot holiday gift is just way too hot for some.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
t was cold, it was dark, and there was a row of trees with ropes hanging off the branches, " he said. "	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
High ambient temperature and mortality: a review of epidemiologic studies from 2001 to 2008.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
It was warm enough that roads were clearing up after Tuesday's blizzard, but still cold enough for those to go ice fishing.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Some types of medicine can also make it easy to get too cold.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Lithium tantalate is very stable because of its high Curie temperature and insensitivity to humidity and vacuum, and is often used for space applications.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Make your normal backswing, turning your shoulders about 90 degrees and your hips some 45 degrees.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
When she's cooking, she just sets her propane furnace thermostatto68degrees, which keeps the house at a comfortable temperature.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
At low temperature, tunneling predominates.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Begin your journey into the world of statistics with some warm-up questions about data sets.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Then after you set the coffee aside to cool, it gets too cold.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Warm Heart is a nonprofit organization in Thailand focused on people helping people.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Certainly, when you exercise, run, or play sports, a healthy warm up is a good way to prepare, improve your performance, and prevent injury to yourself.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Today the benchmark index at Nepal Stock Exchange went down by5.88 points or 0.46% to close at 1,285.93 points.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Add rice, mayo, Dijon, hot sauce and season to taste with salt and pepper.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Raise the temperature setting if you're willing to do so.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Samsonite offers the ideal luggage set for business and travel.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
It may become too hot for humans to survive, study warns.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
The German Aerospace Center (DLR) said on Friday it suspects Philae is now covered in dust and too cold to operate.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
However a new study, published today in Global Change Biology, shows that it was once too coldeven for emperor penguins.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Each time you start your vehicle, the cabin temperature is set to a single zone, which can be manually adjusted by touching the driver-side (+ and -).	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Prices and details about Ice hotel's warm hotel rooms & chalets.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
He can't see me once I've finished my degree wanting to stay in the job that I'm doing.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Cover ice with coldwater.	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
In aerobic composting proper temperature is important.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
New photos from the Luke Cage set reveal a villain that will be in the series and show Mike Coulter's title character fighting him!	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Our bats were cold.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Don't feel your baby's hands or feet to work out if he is warm enough; it is normal for them to feel cold.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Acclimation to the cold is an important factor, too.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
And seasonal outlooks - such as whether it will be a cold, snowy winter - tend to be only marginally more accurate.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
A fur coat is not enough to keep warm enough when it is really cold, even if the rabbit is indoors.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
IF you want to get your vegetable garden off to a fast start, you need to plant your seeds in soil that's warm enough to ensure good germination.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
If your horse outgrows his clip very quickly then it is likely that he is not warm enough and if he grows long 'cat hairs' that outgrow the rest of the coat and produce a whiskery effect then your horse has almost certainly been getting cold.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
She had apparently been brought up by apes or monkeys.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
This notifcation is required by a new EU cookie law.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Right now it's super warm all the way across the Pacific to Japan	Thermostat	0.8	NUMBER, temperature, change
You deposited $500 yesterday, then wrote $600 worth of checks and your balance went down by$100.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Succeed by one's own efforts, as in She was homeless for nearly two years, but she managed to pull herself up by the bootstraps.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
The top-performing hedge fund manager that's too hot for big money to handle.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Adaptation of plants to water and high temperature stress.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Humanities scholars speak of a quantitative Turn in history in the 1960s, a linguistic and cultural Turn of the 1980s in history and literature, and even more recently an animal Turn.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Temperature is a key parameter determining the success of composting operations.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
In this article, I'll explain why your iPhone is getting so ho tand show you exactly how to fix it.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Frozen sections were cut into 4 m sections and fixed for 10 min in cold acetone.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
The Mayor keeps his thermostat set on eighty-five and still can not get warm.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
t's too cold, there's no tea, no restaurants, no bars	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
Aid spending pushed up by refugee crisis, OECD says.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
There are several hot races to watch.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
I did a lot of cold calling to climbing gyms.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
We went down by train and spent two fabulous weeks climbing the local limestone crags, cycling and walking.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
I was wondering if it will be warm enough to swim and tan there the first week of March.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Carney checked the thermostat.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Here are the cold career realities, according to some in the industry	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
We went down by the river.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Last but never least, when expanding the brood nest, there needs to be enough bees to cover and keep warm during a cold snap	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
CALL THE ELECTION PROTECTION HOTLINE, 1-866-0UR-V0TE.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
The film should be agitated frequently during fixing at 65 degrees F to 75 degrees F (18.5 degrees C to 24 degrees C).	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Politically motivated crime up by20%, Germany says.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
How come my youtube views went down by like 150!	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Twitter fired up by naming of Louis Otieno in murder inquest.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
One of its most eye-catching features is the hot tub set amid a virtual sunning and entertaining complex on the flying bridge.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
The climate of Haripur is continental in character i.e. very hot in summer and bitterly cold in winter.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Freezing food at the proper temperature also preserves nutrients and slows enzymes.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Even though sets have been used in Python since 2.3, Python3 has finally implemented them uniformly.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
We were hot together, but he wasn't my boyfriend.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
If you do not have any other warm IPs, all extra traffic will be routed through SendGrid's Shared IP Warm up clusters.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
The temperature at which a liquid resin or adhesive, or an assembly involving them, will set, that is, harden, gel, or cure.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
The number of persons speaking Finnish, Swedish or Sami as their native language went down by nearly 4,000 persons.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
One of the easiest ways to increase decomposition in your compost pile, and to solve many compost problems, is to regularly turn and aerate your compost	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
It is estimated that the average water heater temperature is set to 130ºF in the United States.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
It's getting too hot for monkeys.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
It's too cold to put on makeup, it's too cold to be a fashionist a, and it's too cold to care.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
These receivers are cooled to the incredibly low temperature of 0.1 kelvin.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
The essential data consisted of three charts, each detailing the high and low temperature at one location over a period of 7 days.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
The average level of food prices in January 2016 in comparison with the corresponding month of the previous year went down by0.3 %	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
They will most likely get another chance to buy many of today's hot stocks at far lower prices, and they will also have plenty of opportunities later	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
On the other hand, if the temperature is too low, the viscosity of the polymer will be too high, inhibiting the molding process.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Put the back of your hand on the pavement, and if you can't keep it there for five seconds, it's too hotfor your pup's feet.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
In deciding when it is too hot to play sports depends on the heat index.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Global temperatures are set to rise more than 1C above pre-industrial levels in 2015, according to the UK's Met Office.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
People enjoy unseasonably warm weather near the White House on December 11, 2015.	Thermostat	1.0	NUMBER, temperature, change
On the red ball I would first paint the degrees of pink that fall between the red and the highlight	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Within 5 seconds, turn the oven control dial to either the BROIL HI, to increase, or BROIL LO, to decrease the oven temperature.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
There the temperature drops as low as 40 degrees, and the apples keep very well.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
A Round Turn is the most simple knot, one complete turn of a rope around an object.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
Meanwhile, in nonstick 12-inch skillet, heat oil over medium heat until hot.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
When stating 'my Turn' you are telling someone that it is time to change position or position focuses on to you	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
The effects of eating peanut products as a baby to avoid the risk of allergy have been backed up bynew research.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Winds pound the state after Denver sets high temp record.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
When hot, add lobster and saute until heated through and butter begins to Turn pinkish, about 3 minutes.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Brenda Richardson of Anacostia lowers her family's thermostatto65degrees in the winter to save energy	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
That smart thermostat could be lowered or shut off in winter, leading to burst pipes if a malicious hacker knew the family was away.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
As CBS2’s Jennifer McLogan reported, police had a suspect in custody late Thursday afternoon after at least six cars were set on fire overnight within a several block radius in Elmont.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
A miniature Turn-around for distributed temperature sensing.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
In the test truck, 69 degrees was too cold, 70was too hot.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
The food prices went down by1.4 percent, and the non-food prices went up by 0.1 percent.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Sometimes it's wood, sometimes it's cold glass.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Not warm enough for spring-time insects.	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Glaciers can't form or endure, of course, unless the air temperature remains low, and how far down a mountain they reach depends on what glaciologists call the equilibrium snowline-the boundary between an upper zone where accumulation of snow outpaces melting and a lower zone where the reverse is true.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
This is accomplished at a relatively low temperature(50 to 100C), which limits damage to adjacent tissue.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change
We confirmed temperature setting to be a critical factor in suppressing L. pneumophila growth both in continuously recirculating hot water lines and at distal taps	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
Sino–Japanese economic embrace is warm enough to thaw the politics.	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
The daily high temperature at Death Valley was over 100 degrees F (38 degrees c).	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
He tapped the thermostat with his fingernail	Thermostat	0.8	temperature, change
Leggings or jeans won't keep your legs warm enough.	NO_MATCH	1.0	temperature, change
Doctors now know that your bedroom temperature affects how well and how long you sleep.	Thermostat	1.0	temperature, change
The deal marks the second film picked up by The Orchard at Cannes.	Thermostat	0.9	temperature, change
It should be noted that some participants held degrees in more than one category.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
Then bake it for six hours at 100 degrees, the average daily high temperature in Zion in July.	Thermostat	0.9	NUMBER, temperature, change, degree
